the original mesh and skin were  obtained from Dark Matter Models, free DarkGDK Content from thegamecreators.com
I have redone the animations using fragMOTION.


Original License Agreement:



Dark Matter End User Licence Agreement

The copyright in this software ("the Software") and its associated 
documentation is owned by The Game Creators Limited ("the Owner"). 
By installing or otherwise using the Software or any part of it, including 
without limitation any 3D model contained on this Collection ("Model"), 
you (an individual or legal entity) agree with the Owner to be bound by 
the terms of this Agreement which will govern your use of the Software 
and your limited right to exploit a part of the Software.  In this Agreement 
the term "Software" includes all and any Models.

1.	Licence

1.1	You are permitted on a non exclusive basis to:

(a)	load the Software into and use it on a single computer which is 
under your control;
(b)	transfer the Software from one computer to another provided it 
is used on only one computer at any one time; 
(c)	use the Software on a computer network provided you have 
purchased such number of copies of the Software equal to the 
maximum number of copies of the Software in use on that 
network at any one time;
(d)	incorporate Models within (and solely as an integral part of) 
Games (as Games are defined in paragraph 1.4 below) and 
copy and issue copies of those Games to the public (subject 
always to the provisions of section 4 below);
(e)	make a copy of the Software for back-up purposes only in 
support of the permitted use. The copies must reproduce and 
include the Owner's copyright notice; and
(f)	provided that the prohibition in section 1.2(c) below does not 
apply, transfer the Software (complete with all its associated 
documentation) and the benefit of this Agreement to another 
person provided he has agreed to accept the terms of this 
Agreement and you contemporaneously transfer all copies of 
the Software you have made to that person or destroy all copies 
not transferred. If any transferee does not accept such terms 
then this Agreement shall automatically terminate. The 
transferor does not retain any rights under this Agreement in 
respect of the transferred Software.

1.2	You are not permitted:

(a)	to load the Software on to a network server for the purposes of 
distribution to one or more other computer(s) on that network 
or to effect such distribution (such use requiring a separate 
licence);
(b)	except as expressly permitted by this Agreement and save to 
the extent and in the circumstances expressly required to be 
permitted by law, to rent, lease, sub-license, loan, copy, 
modify, adapt, merge, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, 
disassemble or create derivative works based on the whole or 
any part of the Software or its associated documentation or use, 
reproduce, exploit or deal in the Software or any part of it in 
any way;
(c)	to copy or distribute to the public or otherwise exploit (on 
either a commercial or a non-commercial basis) any Models 
other than within and as an integral part of a Game; or
(d)	to transfer the Software or the benefit of this Agreement to any 
person if you have already incorporated any part of this 
Software into any Game.

1.3	To the extent that local law gives you the right to decompile the 
Software in order to obtain information necessary to render the 
Software interoperable with other computer programs, the Owner 
undertakes to make that information readily available to you. The 
Owner shall have the right to impose reasonable conditions such as a 
reasonable fee for doing so. In order to ensure that you receive the 
appropriate information, you must first give the Owner sufficient 
details of your objectives and the other software concerned. Requests 
for the appropriate information should be made to 
info@thegamecreators.com.

1.4	For the purposes of this Agreement the term "Game" means an 
interactive entertainment software game whose sole purpose is to 
entertain its user without further modification.  Notwithstanding this, 
the term Game expressly excludes: 

(a)	any software tool or software product which can (or might) be 
used in order to create further games or other software 
products; and
(b)	any software library, compilation or collection of graphics and / 
or sounds from which a particular graphic or sound may be 
extracted to be used independently of the software in which it 
was first incorporated;
in each case irrespective of whether or not the primary purpose of such 
software is to entertain its user.

2.	Term

This Agreement is effective until you terminate it by destroying the 
Software and its documentation together with all copies.  It will also 
terminate if you fail to abide by its terms.  Upon termination you agree 
to destroy all copies of the Software and its documentation including 
any Software stored on the hard disk of any computer under your 
control.

3.	Ownership

You own only the media (or authorised replacement) on which the 
Software is recorded.  You may retain that media on termination of 
this Agreement provided the Software has been erased.  The Owner 
shall at all times retain ownership of the Software (including all 
Models) as recorded on the original Collection and all subsequent 
copies of the same regardless of form.  This Agreement applies to the 
grant of the licence contained in this Agreement only and not to the 
contract of sale of the media..

4.	Exploitation of Games

You shall ensure that, in respect of all Games which incorporate any 
part of the Software and which are created by you or with your 
permission: 

(a)	the terms on which any such Games are used or exploited 
(including by way of sale or licence) by any person include 
terms binding on all persons using or exploiting the Software 
which confirm the Owner's ownership of the Software; and
(b)	the packaging and media containing any such Games and any 
marketing or promotional text referring to such Games shall 
each include the legend "3D Models (c) The Game Creators 
Limited.  All Rights Reserved.  Used under licence." 

5.	Warranties

5.1	The Owner warrants that the media on which the Software is supplied 
will be free from defects in materials and workmanship under normal 
use for a period of 90 days after the date on which the media is first 
purchased ("the Warranty Period"). If a defect in the media shall 
occur during the Warranty Period it may be returned with proof of 
purchase to the Owner who will replace it free of charge.

5.2	The Owner warrants that during the Warranty Period the Software will 
perform substantially in accordance with its accompanying 
documentation (including the Readme file contained on this CD- 
ROM) which may include documentation posted on the Owner's 
Internet site at www.thegamecreators.com (provided always that the Software 
is properly used on the computer and with the operating system for 
which it was designed) and that the documentation correctly describes 
the operation of the Software in all material respects. If the Owner is 
notified of significant failures of the Software to comply with the 
above warranty during the Warranty Period it will use its reasonable 
endeavours to correct the Software or its documentation within a 
reasonable time so that it complies with the above warranty or (at its 
option) to procure or authorise a refund (against return of the Software 
and its documentation).

5.3	The above represent your sole remedies for any breach of the Owner's 
warranties, which are given only to the original registered user.

5.4	The express terms of this Agreement are in lieu of all warranties, 
conditions, undertakings, terms and obligations implied by statute, 
common law, trade usage, course of dealing or otherwise all of which 
are hereby excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.

5.5	The Owner does not warrant that the Software will meet your 
requirements or will be suitable for creating commercial products or 
that the operation of the Software will be uninterrupted or error-free or 
that defects in the Software will be corrected. You shall load and use 
the Software at your own risk and in no event will the Owner be liable 
to you for any loss or damage of any kind (except personal injury or 
death resulting from the Owner's negligence or loss or damage 
resulting from any fraudulent misrepresentation made by the Owner) 
including lost profits or other economic loss or any consequential loss 
arising from your use of or inability to use the Software or from errors 
or deficiencies in it whether caused by negligence or otherwise except 
as expressly provided herein. In no event shall the Owner's liability 
exceed the amount paid by you for the Software.

6.	Support

The Owner's technical support staff will endeavour to answer by email 
any queries in English the original registered user may have regarding 
the use of the Software or its application for a period of 60 days after 
the first support service email, which must be made within the 
Warranty Period. For email support please email info@thegamecreators.com
and the Owner shall endeavour to respond within two working days of 
receipt of your email.

7.	Law

7.1	This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance 
with English law.

7.2	Each of the parties irrevocably submits for all purposes in connection 
with this Agreement to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of 
England.

8.	Exclusion of third party rights

No term of this Agreement is enforceable pursuant to the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 by any person who is not a party to 
it.