High Priority
  Footstep Sounds - for some reason this adds a lot to the immersion...
Medium Priority
  Merchants & Bazaar
  Geosids
  Parties
  make unseen animation format use quaternions/vectors instead of matrices
  add "name:" label to top bar on CC screen
Low Priority
  implement fog
  random background sounds in addition to constant sound loop
  sound attenuation
  change items on ground to send item indices instead of scenery indices
    client interpret item on ground -> scenery index

If I feel like it
  Copy code from "create character" screen to implement stats screen
  Compress strings in network messages
  make areas around geosids restore HP/MP
  make personal/mouse lights into overhead spotlights: i.e. fix lighting
  redo character attack animations: slash, stab, overhead strike, spin
  light allocator in rendering manager + add lights for special effects
  define day/night cycles in editor with color sequence of ambient light
  buffer network on ENet using separate thread and SISO async buffers (?)

  evidyon "mail":  let characters send items, messages, gold to each other without being present
  Completely New Website
  Art Overhaul before Stage 1
  npcs/quests (capabilities + basic ones,
               content pack for spells/monsters,
               a new area or 2)
  content spam $$$
  lots of areas to explore
  make sure it has a focus
  1 week free unlimited, limited to 45 minutes per day after that
    notify of impending kick (you'll be logged off in 5 minutes!)
    log kickoffs, then analyze to see if people are cheating.
  record 10-second video clip with directshow, like screenshot
  general-release editor : summer project?  how to grow the game without me
    arena: create a monster, fight it!
    map ideas
  npc "helper" like in xen?




Art Overhaul
============
"Just Be Superficial"
Make a tool
Animations and items; character customization; colors
Item attachment
Fix character lighting issues




neat idea:  have server send chat and statistics log to Karl every day (sometime late at night) via email (or just upload it!)


Beta:
  beta - hook xenimites!
  this is key! lots of people here leads to good release + paying players
  let people play free, and give proportional time during live game on same
    account for playing during beta (2 hrs = 5 days of free time)

stage 2 - release after spring break, lots of VISIBLE stuff!

town center, enough people to be reasonably active, 

while in stage 2: preparing for May
    fixing bugs!
    add some content, tweak and work on full release design
    time to do design work, because people are happy playing
    ...world creation




full release 1 by May (everybody!)
  lots of areas to explore
  make sure it has a focus
  1 week free unlimited, limited to 45 minutes per day after that
    notify of impending kick (you'll be logged off in 5 minutes!)
    log kickoffs, then analyze to see if people are cheating.


"critical mass" by August
self-sustaining community
maintainance
adding content





design concepts:
  "centered" world (nexus)

  
  
  server tools


